  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: Object
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: Object
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
[NEW] Explain Console errors by using Copilot in Edge: click
         
         to explain an error. 
        Learn more
        Don't show again
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
Node cannot be found in the current page.
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:115  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')
    at renderPage (PDFCanvas.tsx:103:28)
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:115
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFCanvas.tsx:117  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:117
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:128
commitHookEffectListMount @ react-dom.development.js:23189
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ react-dom.development.js:24965
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ react-dom.development.js:24930
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ react-dom.development.js:24917
commitPassiveMountEffects @ react-dom.development.js:24905
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ react-dom.development.js:27078
flushPassiveEffects @ react-dom.development.js:27023
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26115
flushSyncCallbacks @ react-dom.development.js:12042
commitRootImpl @ react-dom.development.js:26998
commitRoot @ react-dom.development.js:26721
finishConcurrentRender @ react-dom.development.js:26020
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ react-dom.development.js:25848
workLoop @ scheduler.development.js:266
flushWork @ scheduler.development.js:239
performWorkUntilDeadline @ scheduler.development.js:533
PDFViewerPage.tsx:230 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
PDFCanvas.tsx:102 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
PDFCanvas.tsx:111 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:113 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
PDFViewerPage.tsx:222 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
PDFCanvas.tsx:57 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
PDFCanvas.tsx:70 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
PDFViewerPage.tsx:217 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
PDFViewerPage.tsx:199 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:73 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
PDFCanvas.tsx:77 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
PDFCanvas.tsx:81 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
PDFCanvas.tsx:83 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
PDFCanvas.tsx:89 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 rendered successfully to canvas
 ✅ PDF loaded successfully: 14 pages
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 📥 Loading PDF from: https://mozilla.github.io/pdf.js/web/compressed.tracemonkey-pldi-09.pdf
 📏 Calculated fit scale: {windowHeight: 962, availableHeight: 782, pdfHeight: 792, calculatedScale: 0.9873737373737373, clampedScale: 0.9873737373737373}
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 🗑️ PDFCanvas: Removing existing canvas
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error rendering page 1: 
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:90
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
  ❌ PDFCanvas: Error details: {name: 'TypeError', message: "Cannot read properties of null (reading 'appendChild')", stack: 'TypeError: Cannot read properties of null (reading…rf.replit.dev/src/components/PDFCanvas.tsx:80:28)'}
renderPage @ PDFCanvas.tsx:92
await in renderPage
(anonymous) @ PDFCanvas.tsx:102
commitHookEffectListMount @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:16915
commitPassiveMountOnFiber @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18156
commitPassiveMountEffects_complete @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18129
commitPassiveMountEffects_begin @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18119
commitPassiveMountEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18109
flushPassiveEffectsImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19490
flushPassiveEffects @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19447
performSyncWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18868
flushSyncCallbacks @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:9119
commitRootImpl @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19432
commitRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:19277
finishConcurrentRender @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18805
performConcurrentWorkOnRoot @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:18718
workLoop @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:197
flushWork @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:176
performWorkUntilDeadline @ chunk-RPCDYKBN.js:384
 📏 Applying initial fit scale: 0.9873737373737373
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1
 📄 PDFCanvas: Getting page 1 from PDF document
 ✅ PDFCanvas: Page 1 retrieved successfully
 📐 PDFCanvas: Creating viewport with scale 0.9873737373737373
 📐 PDFCanvas: Viewport dimensions: {width: 604.2727272727273, height: 782, scale: 0.9873737373737373}
 🖼️ PDFCanvas: Creating new canvas element
 🔗 PDFCanvas: Appending canvas to container
 🎨 PDFCanvas: Starting to render page 1 to canvas
